# Ingesting Data into `Unknown` Turbine on CDF

The scripts in this directory ingest various data into the `unknown` turbine asset in the `cec` tenant. Note that the primary use of the `unknown` turbine is to demonstrate potential capacities and use cases, so data from different sources (e.g., DTU) were ingested under this turbine.

### Asset Hierarchy
`create_assets_unknown_turbine.py` creates a turbine asset hierarchy in the `cec` tenant. Note the current hierarchy structure was generated by the CEC team based on research, rather than from a single definitive source. This means that other turbines can have different hierarchy structures.

### SCADA Time Series
SCADA time series data (e.g., rotor temperature) is processed and ingested through multiple scripts:

1. `preprocess_timeseries_unknown_turbine.py` reads in the data and preprocesses it.
2. `ingest_timeseries_unknown_turbine.py` gets the preprocessed data from `preprocess_timeseries_unknown_turbine.py` and ingests it into the `cec` tenant.
3. Since the original data covers 11 months around the year 2014, `frontfill_timeseries_unknown_turbine.py` copies a part of the data to make it a year's and repeats it every year up to the current time (i.e. the time the script is run).
4. To imitate real-time monitoring, `livefeed_timeseries_unknown_turbine.py` creates and deploys a CDF function that generates and ingests the SCADA data in every 10 mins (based on the yearly repetition described above).

### Events
1. `ingest_events_unknown_turbine.py` ingests data from status.csv as events into the `unknown` turbine.

2. `frontfill_events_unknown_turbine` frontfills events data untill Saturday, August 22, 2020 0:00:00 GMT. Since the original data covers more than one year, part of the data was excluded to make the repeated data a year's.

3. `livefeed_events_unknown_turbine` deploys a Cognite Funtion that creates and ingests new events using historical data on a 10 mins basis (based on the yearly repetition described above).

### P&ID
`contextualize_pnid_ex1.py` ingests and contextualizes a fictive P&ID file, `pnid_ex1.pdf`,
which can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1xyHWFByTBZHbTrTrD6S9bkPCcWOJ636H).


### Drone Images
`ingest_dtu_image_files.py` ingests [drone images from DTU](https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/hd96prn3nc/1) into the `unknown` turbine.

### Weather Forecast
`livefeed_sitelevel_weather_timeseries.py` deploys a CDF function to extract and ingest live weather forecast data from [Storm Glass](https://stormglass.io/). Specifically, the function grabs 3-day forecast data for Humboldt Bay, CA (target site for the wind farm installation) and updates it every 1 hour.
